evolution in handwork the new
wiesmann mf4 porsche competition from the
own land
the finest rose was flat with 420 horses
a wiesmann give gas and train
on the hungaroring in budapest
priceless items in the fight against
the clock at the classic
a car dependent representative comparison
audi a4 the c class and the 3 bmw
who of them wins his sympathy
I live practically in the car folding roof
or fabric roof there are the opinions
apart many delicious convertible models
in overview what is then
most popular of the classic load ass
to the lifestyle combo
It should coups successful sporty
Stylish and gives her opel insignia
sports tourer tracktest mercedes slk 55
amg of parapatits
monster to post own world
the coke of the zeche Zollverein in
eat
In 1993 , 1000 people are still here
Now is the time for a new one
Creation
also in 1993 bring the brothers
Friedhelm and martin wiesmann gave theirs
first own roadster to the world at first
ridiculed by the auto industry makes
today after 1000 sports cars sold
no more
the latest evolutionary stage of wiesmann
mf4
the genome of the wise men can be
Let the manufactory in Dülmen see
produces the finest roadster were
individually for each customer in
handmade
except that sporting heart that comes from
Bavaria
two bmw eight-cylinder are available
we chose the new bmw m3 engine
decidedly 420 ps
thanks to the drift, the bmw has 7 gears
double- clutch transmission in the wiesmann
found
that is reproduction in his
most beautiful shape
although the MF4 is the classic roadster
forms celebrated under the
light gfk has lots of high tech
every wiesmann roadster is unique
and the models are constantly
advanced
15 years evolution bring so see and
headlights and led taillights in the
Two-seater also not from
bad parents the butt this dna
The rejected men are welcome to join
as many roadster females as possible
pass on as well as the classic
Fabric hood in the interior of an orgy
Leather 4000 combinations are possible
and also let the analog instruments
to assemble individually
ipod connection no problem for 155 euro
significantly more costs the double clutch
gear velvet paddles 5300 euro
a crisis-proof investment at 138,000
euro basic price loss at wiesmann
a foreign word is also stable
Bavarian v8 engine here has the
individuality is your limits and that is
OK then
every bmw workshop can be at the service
help
let's come to the four performance data
420 ps 400 newtonmeter torque 4.4
seconds from 0 to 100 and a topspeed
from 400 to 300 km h has ever gone
not bad
but what really happens when you do
The one allowed the spores is with
words barely describe sport button
pressed and apg post
first, the speed
and second, the sound
third, the fighting weight 1310 kilo 300
kilo less than the bmw m3
With that he plays in the
sports car champions will lie and that
best of all, he brings the power
on the street
guarantors for a balanced
weight distribution of 50 to 50 of
Deep focus and wide track
the wiesmann mf4 is the best proof
what good genetic material is worth the
exclusivity costs but more potent
offspring has its price